so what have you been watching on TV
lately
oh I rid of my cable like months ago now
I just have Netflix and Hulu Amazon Roku
Apple TV chromecast slaying in Play
Station it makes it so much easier yeah
I've just been binge watching the Senate
committee hearing on c-span just
watching them all just trying to get
through it all how have you not seen the
wire I'm obsessed with Steve Buscemi
aneesa's original series on ways so many
plot turns I'm streaming the last thing
my grandfather saw Wild Wild West style
have you been streaming twitch plays
minesweeper it's chaos I've been
watching the Saudi Arabian version of
girls not going on have you seen Marisa
it's on tinder it's really good
everything I watch is on my
ex-girlfriends Netflix account so I can
feel closer to it yeah everything I
watch this through my ex-girlfriends
window so I can feel close the door
spoiler alert she's my friends you guys
this guy hasn't seen the wire I live for
TurboTax original programming have you
guys seen the refund no I saw the audit
oh don't watch that up I'm addicted to
Chipotle original programming which not
lying is an actual thing no plenty of
yeah I had to catch up on 72 hours
of Game of Thrones so I decided to do it
Clockwork Orange style I'm watching
interstellar on my Smart Watch you have
to see it in 3d it's a picture of
Zachary Quinto from the slap inside of a
magic eye is he hitting a kid he's
hitting a kid it's 12 frames from Orange
is the new black on a zoetrope check it
out Oh crazy eyes is at it again
I've got a podcast where it's just the
audio from the inside of an uber I'm
listening to cereal on cereal snap and
crackle I think that Adnan is innocent
but pop still thinks you should watch
The Wire
but I'm sorry what about you what have
you been watching I've just been
watching a bunch of YouTube videos
oh what a complete waste of time nacho
oh look you're still here mister I'm too
good for the wire why don't you go home
and watch the Mindy project